hello friends friends you are welcome
to English bartender today we are going to make a
black cocktail called ghost
whites
you will see very good that we need a
vanilla ice cream a black vodka a
coffee liqueur and we do not need anything else
good and to decorate a little nut
Moscada de acuerdo let's put what
first thing we're going to do
is to throw the vodka that carries
two ounces that are 60 milliliters in a
jars
we do not need ice because it's going to
cool the ice cream
vodka 2 ounces that are 60 milliliters
and coffee liquor 2 ounces that are 60
milliliters
two are coffee liquor appointments that are
60 milliliters with a spoon we move it
we mix a little there is a little bit
black and liquor coffee black cocktail
ghost black ghost
there we have it now we take a glass of
these type fish
and we are going to throw him
the two balls of vanilla ice cream
It depends
of your cup
you will be more or less
there is one
let's get it right it 's hard
catch another ball
2 to see how we are left there
and admits us one more then we're going to
throw another one and you know the ice cream
it depends on the cup you are more or less
Oh
and I'm going to cover that gap with a little more
there we crush it a little there
well and now what we are going to do is
add the mixture slowly on top
let's add the mixture
that is incorporated into the ice cream
look
after
a little nutmeg on top
a little
we take a budgie with this spoon
and we miss it
and now we have good and we have
our white black ghost goes let's go
to put him is going to be serious and corp
incorporating vodka and coffee liqueur
that we have mixed you see that it is going
putting already with the ice cream leaves
mixing then this one drinks and you
eat with a spoon so there
to accompany it with a spoon
in agreement
Well I hope you liked the
black ghost
and see you in the next stretch until
soon